added the example to the page (#408)
CatalysmsServerManager/docs: docs/en/CSMM/configuration-examples.md

To detect special levels, you must have CPM installed as this creates the log lines.
:::

### Announcement when a player is about to join

Event - logLine

Commands to execute - `say "[FC8403]${custom.playername}[-] is about to join the server";`
Search String - `RequestToEnterGame`

> Add a new variable, dont forget to klick the **ADD** button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new variable, don't forget to click the **ADD** button
```
